# CS250-Software-Development-Lifecycle

1. How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating "user stories" help with this?


    There are many ways in which you can go about learning the user's wants and needs for a project. In my opinion, the best way to find out/interpret the user needs is to have an open communication channel with the users. Having an open communication channel with the users will make it much easier to discern what they want implemented in their program. It also helps a ton to be able to communicate with the users about their needs when you are confused on what they want specifically. (You can communicate with the users at any point throughout the project if more detail is needed for a requirement). A good example of an open communication channel is an email chain between the project team and the user. (In Scrum-agile, you might have the product owner represent the project team and handle most of the communication with the users). You can also utilize things like meetings with the users or certain focus groups to gain information on what exactly the users want to see implemented. After gaining information on what the actual user needs are, it is not a bad idea to better define what the user needs are and create accurate goals for which the user needs are complete. You might use something like user stories in order to better describe/define the user needs/requirements. These user stories can then be used as a sort of guide for the development team when trying to actually implement and create the user need/requirement. The user stories can also be used to gauge whether the user need/requirement is complete or relative to the user's wishes.
    
    Implementing these user needs is a job mostly left to the development team since implementing the needs requires actual development work(or in terms of software, it would require coding and testing of some sort). In some settings, project teams will utilize product backlogs in order to keep track of all of the user requirements/needs. Product backlogs help manage the amount of work that is being developed, which in turn makes it easier for the development team to focus on how to implement the user needs into the program. Inside of these prodcuct backlogs usually are user stories that define the requirements for a certain user need. As a part of the development team, you will most likely end up using the user stories as a means of determining when a user need is fully implemented.


2. How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

    
    Like with interpreting user needs and implementing them, there are also many ways in which to approach developing programs or projects that involve many different apsects. Personally, I think it is a good idea to have a product backlog like I mentioned before. This is because a product backlog makes keeping track of the user requirements for the program/project much, much easier. A product backlog also helps keep track of what has been completed for the program/project and what still needs to be worked on. And they can help prioritize what needs to be worked on currently in regard to the user needs. Another idea I feel is important to incorporate when developing a program/project is the concept of an iterative, more flexible process. When you are developing a program, there are going to be times where you might not know exactly what/how you are trying to implement something. There will also be moments where you do not know if the users will like what you have developed in regard to the program/project. In situations like these, it is crucial to have a flexible approach to developing the program. You may accomplish this flexible approach in many ways, but I feel having an open team environment where things are taken one step at a time, and then repeated until completion is a must have. If I had to start developing a program right now, I would start by gather information on what the user needs/requirements are. After this, I would refine the user requirements and better define what should be used to determine if the user needs have been met. Once the user requirements have been refined, I would define the test cases for the requirements. My next step would be to prioritze the requirements in a product backlog, after which, I would select the user stories/requirements I feel I would be able to implement in the given iteration time. I would then begin development on the stories selected for this iteration.
    
    In the future, I would like to incorporate the overall agile process into my development work. The main thing I want to add from agile is the iterative process, aka sprints. I would also like to add the scrum framework into my future development work. By this I mean I wish to incorporate things like daily scrum meetings, sprint planning sessions, sprint reviews, and sprint retrospectives because I feel they help keep development work on track and focused. These events also allow for a more valuable product to be created since the agile process involves quite a lot of communication and cooperation with the customers/users/stake holders.


3. What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?


    There are a lot of different opinions on what it means to be a good team member in a software development environment. In my opinion, the most important aspect to have in order to be a good team member is to be open and cooperative. In pretty much any team environment, it is insanely crucial to be open to new ideas, as well as being open and cooperative with your fellow team members. You wouldn't want to be reserved and closed off from your fellow team members because it can slow down the work rate, as well as create conflict among the team. Being open with the other members of your team is beneficial in many ways, but the most important benefit I can think of is how much easier it makes working together. Being able to work together easily makes the workflow much faster and it allows for an environment where learning and growth is more important than just putting out a product. Another, somewhat important, aspect of what it means to be a good team member is the aspect of holding yourself, as well as your fellow team members, accountable for the work they/you complete. By this I mean it is important for each team member to take responsibility for what they are working on, ensuring that it is quality and does not impede on others work. You must also hold your fellow team members accountable so that they do not impede on you, or their quality of work does not affect you or your quality of work.
